the cash in the Hat when you go to work
they give you cash you try real hard to
make it last
if you earn for but just spent two there
some four bills and some for you if cash
you have you'll need a hat to use
someday for this and that the Hat must
be round and big enough to save for
clothes and trips and stuff if you take
some out then put more back for if you
don't it won't stay black when you take
out three to go to the store then go to
work and put back forward if you see a
thing that you want now reach in the Hat
and take cash out if the cash is gone
you'll have to wait which you won't like
which you will hate you may see a house
you want to own and talk to a bank and
get a loan this house you like but it
feels too small you want a house that's
big and tall
you call the bank for one more loan you
want a big house you can own you borrow
more and have less cash
you must my chairs you must buy gas your
hat is empty your cash is gone you have
a big house and a big green lawn then
one day you lose your hat there's no
more cash and that is that the empty hat
will turn to red the Hat is sad
it needs a head in your mail you'll find
a card that sends you cash a whole new
star you use the card and buy some stuff
you buy some more it's not enough you
buy and buy with your shiny cards you
don't have to wait it's not too hard you
buy it now you buy it all you find new
things a new mall more magic cards come
to your door first one then two then
three then four the more you spend the
more you get now you have stopped now
you
what is debt you will ask you will ask
your dog you'll ask your cat but if
you're smart you'll ask your hat it's
like mud that drags you down
it's like bees that chase you right that
pretends to be your friend it gives you
things again and again debt buys you
toys and buys you snacks but it's not
your friend bad now you get a note in
the mail one day from that magic card
that you didn't say oh a lot you owe so
much more one more car comes to your
door they charge you lots for their
magic card and if you're late your life
gets hard the fun is over
you're out of luck you've lost your hat
and now you're stuck you pay your bills
with your new car you'll owe a lot but
you can restore you have your stuff and
you have your house and average shoes
and a new
laughs you will ask yourself where is my
head where did I lose it where is it at
you'll look a lot you'll look on floors
you'll look in rooms and behind doors
when you find your hat you'll be glad
you'll tell your mom and tell your dad I
have my hat I've got it back it once was
red but now it's black
you found your hat your mama said where
had it gone when it turned red you found
your hat it found its head you'll cut
those cars throw them away the things
you want with cash you'll pay a smaller
house will feel just fine with friends
love peace of mind when you want things
you'll wait a while when you have cash
you can't help but smile
you